
Problem:
Cause:
Solution:

Problem: Clicking the logo directs to /tradesman.
Cause: I set the name for the landing page of all 3 apps to be home.
Solution: Changed the urls to home-planners and home-tradesman respectively.

Problem: Both forms got sent when editing a users profile.
Cause: The function was sending a POST request on both forms, as opposed to just the one being clicked.
Solution: I added a name to both the submit buttons, and changed the function to include an if/elif statement which will send the correct form depending on the button.

Problem: The phone numbers are displaying without the "0" as the first digit.
Cause: Using the integerfield causes django to read it as a 10 digit number with a useless 0 at the front.
Solution: I changed the fields to CharField as this will support +44 as well.

Problem: When I was logged in as a planner, only the enter as tradesman button appeared.
Cause: The UserProfile wasn't passed into the template from views.py
Solution: I retrieved the UserProfile and passed it into views.py.

Problem: The user gets logged out when going from list_tradesman to user_detail
Cause:
Solution:

Problem: When I refresh the job_detail page it resbumits the form.
Cause: The last request sent by the page was a post request, so it send it again.
Solution: Redirect the user back to the same page so the last request was a GET request

Problem: The edit task submit button can't find the edit task URL
Cause: There was no trailing slash in the JS so the URL wasn't recognised as the same
Solution: Add trailing slash

Problem: The add task button auto populates with the first task on the list.
Cause:
Solution:

Problem: On the planner home page, when adding a job, the fields are auto Populated with one of the jobs already in place and when I clicked edit task, the fields were blank.
Cause: Because the add_task form was first loaded onto the page (although it was hidden), the fields were being poplated onto this form, rather than the edit task form.
Solution: Loaded the edit_task_form first so the target is this form.